From hanselminutes.gov. It's Hansel minutes,
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist and Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two 57. Recorded
live Thursday, March 17th Thousand 11.
Support for Hanselman Telerik rad
controls, the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications. Online
app www.telerik.com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Jim Evans
about selenium for web automation
testing. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman and this is another
episode of Hansel minutes. And
today I am talking to
Jim Evans from the selenium
web application testing system. How's
it going, Jim? Pretty well.
How are you? Very well.
Very well. Thanks for coming
on and talking to me
about this, I use selenium.
I want to say 2004,
2005. It was a long
time ago. I actually thought
it was like 10 years,
but then I realized that
on the internet five years
is basically 10 years. It's
just, it's a long time
ago. Yeah, the project's been
around for a long time.
We we've gone to, we
we're, we're working on some
real innovations or some real
improvements of the system right
now. The selenium one project
has been out for saline.
One dot O the one
dot over version has been
out for about a year
or so after an extended
beta period. And right now
we're working on the 2.0
release, which is a, which
is combines a lot of
different elements and is a,
is in beta right now.
And when this, when this
started, this was a thought
worker type thing. I think
it was Jason Huggins. It
started thinking about this in
terms of a test runner
that would use JavaScript for
the, for the testing. Is
that right? That's right. That's
right. It was Jason Huggins
who started the whole thing
back at, at ThoughtWorks and,
and moved on to, to
Google eventually and, and other
and other things, and kind
of took the, the, the
concept of the, of the,
of the project with him
worked on a selenium team
inside of Google and has
since moved on to other
things. But yeah, it was
a, it was a ThoughtWorks
project. Of course it's been
open sourced and it is
an open source project and,
and that's where we are
today. So, so let's start
where I think many people
saw selenium first, myself included
and then kind of work
our way through it. When
I saw it originally, it
was basically all in the,
you know, in the browser
and it, it almost made
it look like it chopped
up your browser into frame.
So you'd have your web
application and then you'd have
like a runner across the
top. And you'd write your
tests using effectively tables, HTML
tables, and kind of describe
what you wanted done, Right?
That was the original, that
was the original concept and
the original implementation of the
selenium project. Then a couple
of years later, we got
a, I believe it was
Patrick Lightbody and others who
worked on separating that out
to create what eventually became
known as selenium, remote control
or selenium RC, which abstracted
out those, those tabled commands
into a, a language. Basically
you could write them using
any language you want it
to being C-sharp or Ruby
or Java or Python or
any number of programming languages.
If you could, if there
was a way to export
it into that programming language,
you could use it there.
And that, that was kind
of the one that a
lot of people have used
since then. The, the big,
the big difference there is
that there is a Java
server that was created that
essentially stood in as a
proxy that you would talk
to, to a T that
would then drive the browsers
using that, that JavaScript framework.
This was more advanced than
that initial HTML table format.
Absolutely. Yeah. And it also,
of course, using that, it
gave you the, the advantages
of running in a traditional
programming language so that you
could take advantage of things
like, you know, a unit
test run or a unit
test framework to run your
tests. So you could, you
know, take advantage of, of
reusable code and, and things
like that. Yeah. I think
that one of the things
that's interesting about selenium that
I, in my opinion may
have is both a strength
and a weakness, at least
in as far as adoption,
amongst like windows and.net people.
Was that when you hear
that, Oh, well, the remote
control server is in Java.
There might be managers or
bosses or opinionated people who
might say, well, I don't
want any part of that.
That's just not what we
do here, but they don't
realize that they can be
writing in Java or Python
or.net or PHP or whatever.
And when they're doing their
tests. Yeah, that's true. Well,
that brings us to, to
the selenium two project, which
in about, in a parallel
in effort, there's a gentleman
named Simon Stewart who worked
on a competing project inside
Google called web driver. And,
and the WebDriver project took
a completely different approach to
driving the browser. And we'll
get into more of the,
of exactly how that works
in a little bit, but
as the selenium folks and
the WebDriver folks began to
talk together, it became pretty
obvious that the project should
merge. And so they did.
And so now selenium two
is the merging of the
traditional selenium project, the web
driver project. Hmm. So the
selenium. So if you can
think of the selenium brand,
so to speak, if you
will, is a little bit
like a, to draw an
analogy would be a little
bit like the macro S
brand, the, the remote control
or RC and selenium one
would be a little like
the carbon UI framework. And
the web driver API would
be a little like the
Coco framework, the newer, more
capable framework to draw a.net
analogy. It might be like.net
UI types where the, where
the selenium one or selenium
RC framework would be a
little like windows forms. And
the, the WebDriver API would
be a little bit like
a WPF. So let's, let's,
let's start for let's, let's
assume that people have never
done anything with selenium. Where,
where do I start? And
let's assume that I wanted
to test my web application.
I've had an existing web
application written in whatever. Maybe
I wrote it in.net and
I need to enter in
some texts. I need to
submit a form. And I
need to confirm that that
actually happened. What's the general
a way that I would
go about doing that Well,
using the selenium to API,
what you would do is
you would download if, if
you were whatever language you're
using, the way selenium two
works. Let me back up
a little bit before we
get to that straight example
and explain that the selenium
two or the web driver
approach takes basically a best
fit approach for how to
defend Tampa, Florida. For example,
to drive I E we
use the calm automation API
to drive I E for
Firefox, we use a Firefox
extension and talk to the
Firefox extension to drive Firefox
and so on. So we
do these in a language
independent way. The calm automation
part in, in IEP is
written in C plus plus
the, the, the Firefox extension
is written in JavaScript and,
and, and with an HTML
page and so on. And
so what we have is
we have different language bindings
that talk to those language
independent ways are those language
independent pieces. So you can
use C-sharp Python, Ruby, Java
to write your test cases
in and write to the
web driver or the selenium
to API. We kind of
use those terms interchangeably and
write to those in the
API that is idiomatic of
your language. So to, so
what you would do then
in order to perform the
test that you were talking
about, you would in the.net
case, you would download the,
the assemblies, the, the zip
file. We don't have a
new get package yet, but
you would download the zip
file, unzip it, add references
to the WebDriver or the
selenium assemblies into your test
project. And in visual studio,
start writing your tests, where
would instantiate I E navigate
to the page and, and
find the element on the
page and, and interact with
it. Do I have the
remote selenium selenium remote control
application running to automate E
or does this do the
assembly? Just do it automatically?
Yeah. API does not require
the selenium server anymore. That
was another advance in the,
in the use of the
selenium to project in the
merger with the WebDriver API,
the web driver technology simply
simply works with the browser.
It drives the browser directly.
It doesn't require the Java
server in the middle anymore.
And can I write the
same code in C sharp
or whatever, like said idiomatic
to my language and I
can run a Safari. Safari
support is a little bit
lagging right now. We're working
on that. That's one of
the active things that we're
working on for the, for
the selenium to API. One
of the things that you
can do. And one of
the ways that we're trying
to help people migrate from
because we have a lot
of people who have a
very large investment in selenium,
one test cases it's been
around for a long time,
as you, as you mentioned.
And there are lots and
lots of people who have
lots and lots of test
cases written with selenium one.
So one of the ways
that we are helping to
people to migrate is that
in, in the, one of
the things that we have
is, is a WebDriver back
to selenium, which, which lets
people use, use the selenium
commands, but use the web
driver backend. So it's, WebDriver
the WebDriver API. That's, that's
actually driving the browsers, but
your, but your test cases
don't have to change. So
that helps you migrate from
one to the other. Now,
in the case of the
Java language bindings, we have
a, we also have a
selenium backed web driver. So
it goes the other way,
which allows you to continue
to do things like Safari
testing until we can get
the Safari driver completed. Mm,
okay. So I th I
wonder if we may have
confused people because some people
may have jumped in and
looked at selenium like I
did years ago, and think
of it selenium one as
a way to write tests
that automate your browser in
HTML tables, where you have
a table for a verb
and a table now, and
you're referring to in the
table for the, you know,
the column for the expected
result rather. And those are
what we call selenium selenium
one test. Is that correct?
Well, those are, those are
typically referred to as Celanese
tests or the Celanese and
models. Yeah. It's an, it's
kind of, it's kind of
a, it's kind of really
a, a, a DSL or
domain specific language that, that,
that is that, that is
related to testing web applications.
And it can be expressed
in HTML tables or can
also be expressed in a
programming language as it is
in the selenium RC, API,
or selenium one API. There's
pretty much a, there's pretty
close to a one to
one mapping between the, the,
the commands that you would
find in the table and
the commands or the, the,
the methods on the selenium
object. If you're talking in
the.net version of the methods
on the selenium object, pretty
much map one to one
to the commands in the,
in the HTML language, if
you will. Alright, that's, that's
where I was actually going
with that. So the, the
one that people may have
seen of the, of the
HTML they've seen it years
ago, like I did, it's
a, it's a basic, basically
a DSL, but it's effectively
expressing the same exact thing.
So I've got lots of
choices I can use pretty,
pretty much any language, you
know, in the style of
the language, I choose be
it Ruby or C sharp
or HTML tables, and that
will be expressed and interpreted,
and then put my browser
kind of on a, on
puppet strings Here. If you're
using the selenium one API.
Yes. Now the selenium two
API is, is, is, is
vastly different. It's much more
of a, of an object
oriented API. It's much. I
find it to be much
more elegant and much more
expressive than the sort of
the traditional selenium one API.
It's it, you know, there
is a driver object that
refers to the browser itself,
which has properties and methods
of things like go to
URL, or in the case
of the.net, it's a URL
property. That's both settable and
gettable. If you set it,
it navigates the browser to
that URL off of the
driver off of the web
driver object, you have a
find element or find elements
method, which would find you
a web element, which is
a, or a collection of
web elements. And those elements
have properties and methods of
things. Like, for example, click
clear, submit, send keys, things
of that nature. So like
I said, it's a much
more, it's, it's a much
more, if you're a.net programmer
or a Java programmer, it's,
it's, it's much more natural
to work in something that
has this type, this kind
of API. So this was,
this was a significant direction
change for you guys, but
it sounds like, yeah, but
it sounds like it definitely
adds something that is worthwhile
to take kind of take
the hit that you're going
to have to take. Yeah.
It's all about, it's all
about making things more maintainable,
making things, you know, a
little bit more natural feeling
to the, the, to the
natural feeling, to the language
that you're actually working in.
Is that, is that, is
that difficult? I mean, I
think that it's, it's a,
it's a, certainly a admirable
thing to say. I want
Ruby people to feel good
about Ruby and what they're
doing while they're writing tests
in our, in our world.
But is it, is it
possible to make something like
to use your term idiomatic?
Yeah, actually it is. And,
and we worked very hard
to make it. So, like
for example, you know, I'm,
I'm pretty much, I'm pretty
much responsible for the.net language
bindings, which, you know, seem
very.net. Like, you know, the,
the, the, the, the properties
are appropriately Pascal cased and,
and, and the, you know,
if, if you're looking at
using IntelliSense in visual studio,
you'll see things that, you
know, that, that look familiar
to you, or that look
natural to you as a
C sharp developer, for example,
but the Java bindings, for
example, you'll find obviously they
don't have properties. They have
only methods. They are camel
cased, like Java libraries are.
And, and so again, it's
about providing a very natural
feeling API with which to,
with which to work. Hi,
this is Scott coming to
you from another place in
time. Are you using agile
practices to manage your software
development? There's lots of tools
in the market that manage
the steps of a project,
but most of them focus
on individual roles, get ready
for a solution that caters
for the success of the
whole team guys at Tellerik
introduced team pulse. It's an
agile project management tool. That'll
help you gather ideas, estimate
plan, track progress in a
common workspace. Finally, companies, regardless
of their size can use
a lightweight and convenient tool
that makes all the stakeholders
work as a United team.
Even if they're in different
countries by combining intuitive user
interface and the power server
light team poles removes the
roadblocks that you typically face
and applying agile in an
effective manner, no more lost
data, no disparate systems, no
lack of critical analytics regarding
the health and philosophy project.
See if yourself get a
free copy for five users
in one project at tellerik.com/team
pulse. And please do thank
Tellerik for supporting Hansel minutes
on their Facebook fan page,
facebook.com/t L E R I
K color. We do appreciate
it. They wouldn't be a
Hansel minutes if there wasn't,
Tellerik helping us. So if
I, if we put this
in nougat, which of course,
and I'm happy to help
you with that too. I'm
sure. It's just one of
those things you're getting around
to someone will be able
to literally just say, like
file new project, bring this
down and start writing tests
hit F five and there
they've got their browser on
a string and it should
be that simple. Yeah. Now
why would someone want to
use this over a competitor?
A example competitor would be
like the test stuff that
you can get in some
of the skews of visual
studio or water, a web
application testing in Ruby, or
for a.net person, Watson web
application testing in.net. Well, you
know, the, the, for example,
the, the, the water, let
me, let me speak to
water because I probably know
that when best as it
happens, you know, water is
kind of starting to work
on there too dot over
version and a Yari Bokken,
who is a contributor on
the, on the selenium team
for, for, for Ruby has
actually created a, a gym
called water WebDriver water, hyphen
web driver. And it is
the water API that is
backed by, by the web
driver technology. And so what
you're seeing is a little
bit of a convergence of,
of sort of these disparate
technologies for browser automation in,
in uses building blocks to
build other things, Brett Peddicord
calls it, innovating at the
API level. If I can,
if I can quote him,
that's his term Bread Peddicord
of course being the primary
on, on water for people
who aren't familiar. Yes. And,
and so, you know, he,
so the, the, the water
2.0 version, I believe they,
they're still talking about it,
but may in fact be
the water WebDriver Jim, that,
that yard he's done really,
really great work on what
it is not quite, quite
as far along for example,
but there's been some talk
in the, in the Wadden
community of, of doing the
same thing, because when you,
when you talk about doing
things like cross browser automation,
why should we have five
different projects that all attempt
to maintain ways of talking
to five different browsers? If
we have one that does
it pretty well, and you,
and provides an API on
what you can build on,
Right? I mean, so selenium
was sufficiently different from water
spices years ago with its
use of tables that one
could pick what made them,
what made them happy, but
now being a, any of
the nomadic language that automates
the prouder, the difference between
it and water from a
cursory glance is, is getting
more and more difficult to,
to kind of call out.
Yeah, it really is. And,
and really the, the advantage
that water brings in my
opinion, and what in, and
those types of, of automation
projects bring to the table
is their API. Their API
is, is, is pretty darn
elegant. And it, you know,
it's very user friendly for
developers of, of tests in
the.net language is not net
languages in the case of,
of, of Wadden and the,
and the Ruby language in
the case of water, those
APIs are really quite well
well-defined. And, and so it
makes sense to use them,
but again, why, why would
we, why would we want
to ha why were the
water project or the Watson
project want to have to
manage the, the mechanics of
talking to I E talking
to Firefox, talking to Chrome,
talking to opera, and all
of those things, when the
WebDriver project could give you
the same thing for relatively
a small, a relatively small
amount of effort. So help
me understand, maybe I, maybe
I missed it, or I'm
confused, but where does, who
owns web driver and where
does that come from? As
it relates to selenium, did
that come out of selenium?
Yeah. Web driver. It was,
was a competing project to
selenium, but they hadn't had
merged the project, the selenium
project and the WebDriver project
have merged. And I use
WebDriver colloquially to mean the
selenium to API. Like I
said, I think I use
those terms interchangeably. I probably
should get out of the
habit of doing that, but,
but the WebDriver API or
the selenium two API typically
are, are referring to the
same thing. I see. I
see. And are you all
friendly? I mean, is there
a, is there a such
thing as like a beef
between different groups or is
everyone on the same side,
just trying to make it
easier to test things within
a browser? Well, I think
ultimately that's what we all
want is to make things
easy. There's I think there's
a great relationship between the
selenium team and the water
team, the Watson team. We
really haven't had much more
than a cursory interaction with,
but those are they're nice
guys. Jarons at, John's a
nice guy. I've had the
pleasure of talking with him
via email and, and, you
know, we we've, we've discussed
the possibility of, of in
a future version of what
in being based on web.
And I were also, but
it's been nothing more than,
you know, brief conversations at
this point. It definitely sounds
like only good things could
happen, though. Yeah. Well, one
of the longterm projects of
the, of the selenium two
or the WebDriver project is,
is kind of to create
a browser automation standard. It,
it is crazy that we
have, you know, just a
small team of developers really
there's, there's less than 10
people who are super active
in, in, in, in maintaining
the, the selenium to code
base. And for that smaller
team to be trying to
support every browser on every
platform is really kind of
crazy. So one of the
things we're we're starting to
do is to reach out
to some of the browser
vendors themselves, to have them
produce and maintain their own
drivers. There is a, a
WebDriver compliant Chrome driver that
is checked in as part
of the chromium tree that
should be available with the
next version of Chrome, I
believe, or real soon. Now
opera corporation has opened sourced
and released their, their driver
for the opera browser as
well. So, so these are,
you know, Mozilla has bought
into the concept is my
understanding, but we haven't gotten
as far as, as having
them generate any code for
the project yet. So, but
we're, we're trying to, trying
to sort of help browser
vendors to encourage browser vendors,
to, to start thinking about
creating their own drivers and
making it easier for us
to build tools on top
of those, on those of
those technologies. Do you talk
to the  team or
does that, how does that,
how does that work out?
Well, we'd love to talk
to the  team. I
haven't had any, any contact
with them directly outside of,
I have spoken with one
of their developer evangelists, but
I haven't spoken with anybody
directly on the team to
any, to any great length,
but I'd love to talk
to them. I'd love to,
to, to figure out if
there's something we can do
to, to make that easier.
None of the core selenium
developers are, are super strong
C plus plus programmers. I
know I'm not, I've been
responsible for the IAE driver,
the unmanaged code piece, the
native code piece. And it's
been a challenge to, to,
to try to, to, to
make sure I'm doing everything
exactly right. So I'd love
to have a chat with
them. Cool. I'll try to
facilitate a conversation. That'd be
great. One of the things
I think is interesting is
when I hit a selenium
hq.org, one of the there's
like step zero, step one,
step two. And in step
one, they say, get this
selenium IDE, which is this
Firefox add in that effectively,
jumpstarts your experience? It's kind
of the, the gateway drug.
Cause, you know, if, if
you basically said, step one,
open notepad and type this
syntax that would maybe turn
a lot of people off.
So you basically sell them
on this recorder to get
them excited before you encourage
them to move away from
the recorder and work on
the things a little more
directly. And I'm interested in
that because I, I wrote
the, I think it was
the original water recorder that
would basically automate IAE and
watch what I did and
then write out water, Ruby
code. And, you know, it
really got people excited about
water at the company that
I was working at at
the time. And it kind
of jump-started things, but people
quickly learned that a recorder
is, can only go so
far. I know that there
are a lot of strong
opinions about that when I
put the water recorder out
there and it actually still
lives on surprisingly, another guys
picked it up. There was
a lot of strong feelings
like recorders for web testing
are a bad idea. And
I see a lot of
discussion both ways. I know
that on the Microsoft side,
inside of visual studio, there's
a recorder as well. What,
what do you think about
that idea and where it
fits into testing? Well, I
can certainly understand the appeal
of a, of a record
and playback mechanism, but it's
been my experience and that
record and playback doesn't usually
mean record and playback. It
usually means record, play it
back once and then fix
it when it, when it
inevitably breaks. You know, I,
as, as a, as a
method for getting people involved
and started with, with test
automation technologies, I can certainly
see the benefit in that,
but the real benefits of
test automation, in my opinion,
and in my experience have
been, once you break free
of the stuff that's generated
by the, by the, the
record mechanism and, and start
to start to work with
the, the, the raw code
that, that usually is generated
by them in whatever language
that that generated code is.
So you're, you're, you're for
it for jump-starting, but kind
of a little else is
what I'm hearing you say.
Yeah, pretty much. I I've
I've I have pretty much
tried to steer away from,
from record and playback tools
through, throughout my career. And,
and I, I try to
discourage them whenever I'm working
on a project with, with
other, with other testers, but
I can't, I can't slam
someone who doesn't know how
to code for, for, you
know, giving them the ability
to, to write a quick
test, you know, to be
able to point and click,
and it can be useful.
They can especially be useful
for learning an API. For
example, if you're recording, if
you're recording and want to
figure out, well, how do
I locate this element in
this web page using the
API of selenium or using
the API of water, for
example, you know, you can,
you can look at the
code generated by the recorder
and say, Oh, okay. So
that's how I do it.
But the important thing to
me is to take that
knowledge and not continue to
use it in the recorder.
If you can, let's write
the script, you know, as,
as, as code directly. So
one of the things that
I thought was really interesting
about selenium is this notion
of this grid, because the
initial complaint that people get
when they start doing browser
automation testing is I have
lots of different kinds of
projects I want to test
on. And they basically start
by trying to make their
own computer, do everything. They
install every browser and they
try to get multiple versions
running side by side, and
they kind of struggle to
get a breadth of tests.
And then of course those
tests are slow because, you
know, you can only drive
a browser so fast. Then
they started kind of getting,
it's almost like the, the
multiple stages of, as you
work through this process in
your head, some people try
to get tests running without
the browser. And then they
kind of realize, well, that
won't tell me how the
browser is going to behave.
What is the grid do?
And how does that make
my life easier? Well, what
the selenium grid does and,
and we're, we're currently working
on the next version of
the selenium grid as well.
There's been some code that's
just recently been checked into
the project to advance the
selenium grid into the selenium
two world. That what it
does is it allows you
to take a number of
machines and running a, a
selenium agent or a selenium
server is probably the, the
technically correct word coordinate execution
of tests among those many
machines, each one, having a
server or an agent on
it, and then reporting the
results back into the grid.
The grid controller that is,
Is this almost like building
like a, making a build
farm, I mean, are these,
are these machines that are
these my, my friend's machines,
or am I going to
dedicate machines to the grid?
Well, you, you, you could
approach it either way. You
know, you could approach it
in such a way that,
that, That, you know, you,
you could, There was one
project that I worked on,
where we had everyone enrolled
in the, in the project
and they ran the agent
on their, on their machines
at the end of the
day. And we use their
machines as test machine resources
overnight. But typically what you
would want to do or
is, is you would have
machines dedicated to running tests
and, and they don't have
to be physical machines. They
could very easily be virtual
machines as well. Ah, interesting.
So having a, I could
have a single machine just
filled with different virtual machines
in order to get around
the versioning issue, as well
as I assume, max and
other, other kinds of machines.
And you basically just kind
of call upon them. You,
you request like a web
farm, I need a Mac
Firefox instance and it figures
it out and runs it.
And then reports back, Right?
In, in the selenium to
API, we have the concept
of a, of a capabilities
object, which, which we can,
which we can basically find
out what the capabilities are
of a, of a given
browser that we've instantiated so
that we can know whether
it's say, for example, it
supports JavaScript or whether it's,
whether it has certain w
whether you need to use
native events from the OS
to do your mouse clicks
and keystrokes, or whether we're
using synthetic ones, things of
that nature. So, so, so
yes, we, we, we, you
know, essentially that's, that's what
you would be using the
grid for. And then my,
and my last question is
there are those people, there
are a number of people,
myself included who started with
basic browser testing early on,
and then gave up a
couple of years ago when
ax apps started becoming very
eight, you know, Ajax and
kind of said, well, I
guess it's just really hard
to test applications that have
lots of interactions and crazy
Ajax and jQuery type stuff.
What is selenium do anything
special to make that easier?
Well, we do have some,
some, there are some techniques
that you can use, but
you would want to use
them probably no matter what
technology you would be, you
you'd be using whether it's
selenium or something else. Some
of the techniques include things
like you, you want to,
you would do things like
one of the common things
is I have an Ajax
page that, that when the
Ajax request comes back, it
then populates with some elements
on the page. You know,
I get some links populated
on the page or whatever,
and I want to be
able to, to then, to,
to not have to interact
with the page until this
particular link shows up, for
example. So one of the
things, one of the techniques
that you would use is
you, you would essentially pull
the page for waiting for
that to come back and
waiting for that, for that
element to exist on the
page. And so that's essentially
one of the techniques that,
that you would use. And,
and there are some, there
are some helper classes and
helper methods in, in the
selenium project that make that
a little bit easier to
work with the selenium. One
API also has some direct
things that are things like,
wait until present, wait until,
wait until text. I believe
is the name of it,
or wait until contains text.
Page contains text. I've forgotten
exactly the names of those,
but so the, the, the
techniques are similar in the
selenium to API, you would
essentially want to pull for
the condition that you want.
And like I said, there
are some helper methods that
make that, that make constructing
those weight functions a little
easier. Cool. So is selenium
hq.org, the place that people
can go to find out
pretty much everything, all things
selenium. Yeah. We're in the
middle of a, of a
little bit of a revamp
of that because we are
updating the documentation for the
selenium two dot O project.
The 2.0 beta three is
eminent for, for sure exactly
when we're going to, when
it's going to be available,
the other place that they
can go, if they're interested,
they can go. If they're
interested in, in looking@theprojectitselfisgoingtobeatselenium.google code.com.
And that's the, the project
hosting page for the, for
the source code also has
the issue tracker and, and,
and so on. Cool. Well,
I appreciate That. It sounds
like it's, it's great to
know that it's still around.
I keep bringing up the
age of it, because I
think that a lot of
times people look at older
projects with a kind of
combination of reverence, but at
the same time, well, I
guess it's done. And it
sounds like you guys are
just getting started. No, it's
extremely active and where we're
always looking for contributors and
people who want to come
and help out. So come
visit us at, at
dot com and bring us
on the mailing lists and
IRC channels and all the
links are up there. So
Very cool. All right. Well,
thanks so much. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.